But we're still on the subject of the header.
Why don't we cover animation and for the animation we can see that there is going to be a few of them.
We're not going to obviously cover right now.
The button that's going to be bouncing infinitely because we don't have the button to begin with.
However for having three.
This guy is going to be coming from the right than the main one.
Think one is going to be coming from the left.
So both of them are going to be exactly the same.
However the positions are still going to change one is going to be coming from the right other one's
going to be coming from left and for the button Rosie is going to use a little bit of scaling as well
as the opacity.
And I think this is just going to be making much more sense if we're gonna do this right now.
However we can do it obviously at the render the document meaning at the end of the video but I think
that might as well as we're here we can just cover this.
Here we have the end of what I would like to do is right after the header which is going to say that
there is going to be the animations and let's just put them all in one place.
We could technically write them separately.
Let's say by banner button.
So right after the matter button or the heading One we will gonna do that with the nav bar one with
the little now button because I think this is just going to make more sense but for all of these because
they are all clumped together anyway when to say animations and within the animations what's also right.
Right away end of animations because later on we're gonna have different sections of course as well
as let's start by simply the button one because I think that's gonna be the most simplest one.
We know that for the animations we need to use key frames.
And here we would like to call this summer.
So I'm going to call mine one show and I would assume that you can probably choose the same name.
We're gonna start with 0 percent and that's gonna be our starting point.
And you know what.
We're all gonna say I don't know transform is gonna be twice the size of our original button.
Meaning what I'm saying is I would like to use the scale at 0 percent.
I would like to scale it twice the size of the button that I have here.
So this is the reason for this too.
So I'm gonna add it to as well as I'm going to use the opacity of zero.
So now the button is going to be hidden meaning it's still gonna Maidment.
We're not using this plane none but since we're using opacity the button is not going to be shown the
moment we're going to load the page as well as I would like to set up 100 percent and 400 percent.
I would like to have transform scale back to 1.
So I'm going to use this scale one and we're going to say 1.
And we know that if we're using one then what happens is just the button is gonna be normal size.
You can add more points here between zero and hundred grams is going to stick with these two and then
we're also gonna do a little bit of personally and when I say a little bit more is gonna set it equal
to 1.
So basically in this case is gonna be 1.
Let me say it.
And now we need to head over back to the burner button and add this animation.
So right after the comment where we already had it we can just write animation and remember for animation
we had few things.
Well first of all we would need the name of the animation.
Then we're gonna need the duration.
So how long this is gonna take place and I'm going to use my case five seconds as well as I would like
to figure out how long or how the animation is going to take place.
So not the duration but how the animation is going to take place which in my case is going to be is
in and out as well as how many times.
Well now case the count is gonna be 1.
So this is just gonna happen one time as you see right now.
This is my button showing up on a text after we are at the animation.
Okay.
We also would like to work with the rest of them.
So let's say this was our first animation but then we're gonna create one more and you know what in
our case maybe it's just copy and paste it because I think this is gonna be a little bit faster.
So here let's change the name and let's write again very originally.
Slide from their right.
Right.
So this is gonna be for our having three where it's gonna be sliding from the right.
And what kind of rules would like right over here for a zero let's say.
We wouldn't want to again use the transform and this case we're going to use translate X. And I'm gonna
translated a hundred pixels to the arms are in that hundred thousand pixels the right once the animation
is gonna start at zero.
The text is gonna be translated thousand pixels to the right and then let's add multiple other points.
Let's say 50 percent and you know what.
Again this would be the case where it's probably going to be faster if we copy pasted 50 percent 75
percent and let's change these values.
So at 50 percent we would learn to translate it to negative t 200 pixels.
Now the reason for that is if I show you that first it's bouncing from the zero then it goes negative
and then it comes back to the original position.
So that's the reason why we're going to use here for the 50 percent negative value so we're gonna say
negative 200 x as well as four seventy five we're going to have something else when say seventy five
is gonna be in this case 50 pixels pass the normal value so that's why it's doing that bouncing from
deal right to the left and then right all of it and at the end it is going to have transform and that
is gonna be zero.
What is gonna be really nifty with a second one and let me change this to zero is the fact that I can
just set this up since this is gonna be slide from the right we can do the same thing with sliding from
the left.
Now in that case what we wouldn't want to do is just change these values.
We are the signs.
Now this is gonna work.
We're gonna say slide from left and now I'm talking about this big text and here of course the original
position would be negative thousand pixels.
Then we all gonna be going to the positive two hundred.
Then again negative 50 pixels as well as we're going to end up with the same zero.
And we are almost done.
We just need to head over back to the title and subtitle and let's find them where they are.
So I believe the title was here and subtitle was also here.
And you know what.
Let me right away start multiple cursors since we're gonna be writing a lot of the same stuff.
I'm to start by saying that there is gonna be animation and then just pretty much gonna give me a long
one for the name.
There's gonna be a few different ones and you know this really messed it up.
I did not want to do it.
I apologize.
You know what let's do one by one.
This is gonna give me a bunch of selections that I don't want and let's write slide slide from.
What was that from the right.
That was the top one that was the heading three.
And again this is gonna take five seconds.
And again we're gonna do these in and out as well as we would like to run one more time.
Now the infinite one the nav buttons I was going to have the value different.
If you want your animations to run multiple times you just need to change these values.
That's all we're doing.
And we can just copy and pasted.
I think this case probably would have been faster not multiple directors and in this case weren't gonna
change or not slide from the right but of course slide from the left.
Now what happens is that now we have these bouncing text as well as the bottom line we can always check
it out on a bigger screen.
That is obviously our finished one so we can look at our excellent animation one more time just to see
how good it looks.
And then we can see whether we did good enough job think we did where again we have over 100 flavors
specialty craft tea and we have the Explorer One.
Let me check this one more time with the button is working.
I think everything works really well we also have this transformational.
So now that we're done with this section let me just double check whether everything is exactly the
same.
Maybe let's change this.
Oh I didn't want to do the Truxton form so we're gonna head over to index.
I'm not just going to start this one with a capital letter.
No biggie if you don't do it but in my case I was going to do it.
And yeah we are done with the header section and we're ready to move on and start working on our next
section.